feature/aside-updated (#708)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/ns-card.mdx

Cards are to be used to apply a container around a related grouping of information. Achieve this through a combination of imagery, illustrations and typography.

:::updated
**28 August 2024**

> The `type="standard"` card caters for the most common use cases. The `type="flat"` card is used when you want to group content without a background. The `type="support"` card is used to provide a different responsive behaviour at basketball-court viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The card component has been simplified:

- The `type="section"` card has been deprecated. The `type` will switch to `standard` when `section` is applied.
- The standard card (with no `type=""`) now allows for options for image, decoration, and pill.
- The `type="support"` type is now used for a better responsive behaviour for cards with images at `basketball-court` viewports.
```

> The `section` card has been deprecated. The `type` will switch to `standard` when `section` is applied.

Reviewer: Removing this as moved into the list above

```suggestion
```
